index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
menu_order: 01
---
# Next-Gen Patient Lists

Welcome to the next-generation patient list manager.

This will change the life of every junior doctor in the NHS.

This will make every ward round

The software is designed to allow Junior Doctors to manage their patient lists to provide an efficient way to complete a ward round and manage the various jobs assigned to that ward.

In many hospitals there are inefficient methods to control the process utilising several word documents or poorly managed spreadsheets. A system was developed to improve this through the use of an Access DB which has had positive impact on the efficiency of Dr's and Consultants within their own working environment. Together we have analysed this system to produce an MVP that would allow replace it with an application to be run from an .exe file that can be run directly from a hospitals network drive. Thus allowing easy transfer of the system from one hospital to another without the requirement of guidance/training. 

The team
- Vishnu  
- Richard  
- Olivier  
- Caroline  
- Caylee  
- Lloyd  

GitHub: https://github.com/vvcb/PatManPlus

Fork, pull, push, commit, collaborate...

Commit message:

adjusted detail in intro paragraph and also started detail of system requirements

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
menu_order: 01
---
# Next-Gen Patient Lists

Welcome to the next-generation patient list manager.

This will change the life of every junior doctor in the NHS.

The software is designed to allow junior doctors to manage their patient lists to provide an efficient way to complete a ward round and thus also manage the various jobs assigned to that ward.

In many hospitals there are inefficient methods to control the process. This is often managed using several word documents or poorly controlled spreadsheets that results in many inconsistent versions floating around on a shared network drive. To improve this a system was developed by Vishnu, a consultant, using a simple Access DB. This has had positive impact on the efficiency of doctors and consultants within their own working environment. It is in use in a small number of departments across various hospitals that Vishnu has worked in. Often doctors and consultants who experience the use of this database want to copy it to take on to their next post. However there are issues with the transferability of this system to other departments and hospitals.

<b>Restrictions</b>
  - The usability of the system is such that it would require some training and technical knowledge of MS Access to setup and maintain.
  - There is also an issue of MS Access not being available in every ward computer and sometimes not at all in some hospitals.
  - Due to the nature of security and restricted IT usage within hospitals it is not possible to make this into a web based system with an external server.
  - It is also not possible to setup a local server.
  - It is not possible to install new software on hospital servers
  - Therefore the system needs to be accessible only on a shared drive but accessible through a simple interface.  

As a team we have analysed the current system to produce an MVP. The requirements are met below  list of requirements are 

<b>requirements</b>
- A simple user interface - accessible through a web browser
- a method to run the system only through a network drive without installation - a program that can be run directly from a hospitals network drive.
- a method to add records to the system
- ability to search




The team
- Vishnu  
- Richard  
- Olivier  
- Caroline  
- Caylee  
- Lloyd  

GitHub: https://github.com/vvcb/PatManPlus

Fork, pull, push, commit, collaborate...
