The Ward Round.md, before:

# What is the Ward Round?

The patients in hospital are all under the care of a team or a particular ward. The ward round is a process by which each patient gets a  visit by a doctor or a team of doctors each day. This daily visit allows for the whole team to catch up with how the patient is progressing, look at their latest test results, and make a plan for the following few days.  

# What are the current problems with the ward round?

With a healthcare system increasingly under strain in terms of numbers of patients, beds available and manpower, teams have become more responsible for more and more patients and these patients have been be spread out across many wards. This means that teams have to keep a list of patients, their locations and the current plan. 

# How is this done now and why isn't it working?

Traditionally team have kept lists of patients on word documents, which are printed and on which junior doctors write the list of jobs that have been decided on the ward round. These jobs are then assigned to a team member by hand. These word documents are stored on the hospital shared drive and are updated daily usually at the end of the day and not in real time. However because doctors are often called away from their work when they are updating the list, these documents are often left open meaning that it cannot be accessed by anyone else except in read-only form. This means that the shared drive often ends up with multiple versions of the same patient list which can lead to errors. 

# What do we need?

We need a patient list that can be updated in real-time on the ward round. This will allow jobs to be add more accurately and in a timely fashion. We also need a patient list that can be updated from multiple locations and can be sorted by ward, consultant and team. This will allow the ward round to be more efficient.

Commit message:

added detal to the ward round and index pages for the web-page view created contributuing notes

The Ward Round.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: The Ward Round
menu_order: 02
---
# What is the Ward Round?

The patients in hospital are all under the care of a team or a particular ward. The ward round is a process by which each patient gets a  visit by a doctor or a team of doctors each day. This daily visit allows for the whole team to catch up with how the patient is progressing, look at their latest test results, and make a plan for the following few days.  

# What are the current problems with the ward round?

With a healthcare system increasingly under strain in terms of numbers of patients, beds available and manpower, teams have become more responsible for more and more patients and these patients have been be spread out across many wards. This means that teams have to keep a list of patients, their locations and the current plan.

# How is this done now and why isn't it working?

Traditionally team have kept lists of patients on word documents, which are printed and on which junior doctors write the list of jobs that have been decided on the ward round. These jobs are then assigned to a team member by hand. These word documents are stored on the hospital shared drive and are updated daily usually at the end of the day and not in real time. However because doctors are often called away from their work when they are updating the list, these documents are often left open meaning that it cannot be accessed by anyone else except in read-only form. This means that the shared drive often ends up with multiple versions of the same patient list which can lead to errors.

# What do we need?

We need a patient list that can be updated in real-time on the ward round. This will allow jobs to be add more accurately and in a timely fashion. We also need a patient list that can be updated from multiple locations and can be sorted by ward, consultant and team. This will allow the ward round to be more efficient.
